The growth of technologies is a problem that people should decide how to handle. From one side, the wide representation of the technologies allows us to automatize a lot of tasks, such as scheduling, evaluating, conducting, etc. But from the other side, such representation leads to the enormous dependency on the technologies, which allows the manipulation of people's tastes, opinions, activities, and customs from the companies. As a result, the companies fighting for the clients either try to handle all requests of their clients and adds a lot of functions to their devices or generates the specific solution to the activities that could be done by an average person, such as a Laundry-Folding Robot from the articles which drops the reputation of the novel technology designers. I think that the specific solutions should be done for specific branches, and people should be able to customize their devices.
Although the usage of robots is reliable in some activities, such as caring for old people, I think that robots mustn't handle social-related tasks such as the entertainment of kids, etc. Firstly, we don't know how ethics in robots are established. If it is done by engineers, this could lead to the case where robots could do their tasks regardless of a situation. But if it is done by ordinary people, it easily might lead to a situation where the robots could generate improper views of the problems (Microsoft's chat Artificial Intelligence with racist citations). Secondly, the robot is technology, and every technology is based on electricity using complex numbers, so nobody knows and could not predict where the technology might fail occasionally. Thirdly, the repair of such devices should be done by the professionals who designed them, so the scale of the production could be a headache for the developers.
The third topic from the articles is the usage of the sensors and their representation. Here, the huge problem might be security: even though the data could be sent encrypted, the plain data is not encrypted, so might be easily retrieved. Another problem is the interpretation of such data. If the interpretation is done well, it could also lead to the hazard of the technologies with such sensors. If the interpretation is done poorly, then it could drop the performance. It seems to me that the generation of data is good only for specific purposes.





