Data collection and data analysis could help to develop new approaches in the fields and optimize the work. However, such work should be done in a manner that could include a lot of categories to satisfy a lot of groups. Also, the results of data analysis should be not put some groups higher than other ones and must not be an instrument for political ideas. In other words, the data should be interpreted rightly. Unfortunately, people analyzing data in a small field led to exaggerated results with wrong conclusions. For example, Caroline Criado Perez says about gender discrimination during designs. But do the companies have such resources to satisfy all of their clients? Is it easy to create, test, produce, sell new prototypes? If you think about some specific solutions, why don't you create such a product that could satisfy the demands? It is easy to criticize without the knowledge of the field. Also, I want to add that not all products have such discrimination (for example, I have seen the toilets in Japan which are designed in for both men and women). Another example is Yeshimabeit Milner complaining about the data for Black scientists. If we create a specific solution for one group, don't we discriminate against other ones? How about the representation of the group? Also, are the company obliged to provide its results? Such questions are neglected by such "experts".

Another possible problem is the creation of the specific model from the collected data. It requires not only to find the specific solutions for the data field and avoiding possible problems but also their realization so that the objective tasks could be done effectively (for example, the experiment with the Amazon Mechanical Turk site). Here, keeping the data collection and the experiment process involving the data at the level is the most difficult part due to the bureaucratic rules in the field, the trends, the customs, and specific cases (for example, the vandalism episodes). Here, no specific solution is possible because all cases should be analyzed separately.

We can conclude from the articles that analyzing collected data from a different angle could reach to the novel fields, but it
a) should be done accurately without any impartiality;
b) is just the instrument for future designs, which are more difficult.