In the video "Snoozle - A Robotic Pillow That Helps You Go to Sleep," the robot that reminded his owner about the sleeping time is depicted. In my opinion, if the person has a problem with the inability or disability, it is better not to completely rely on the robots, because it is impossible to know the character of robotics. In other words, it is hard to predict the possible strange behavior of the robot.

Other materials are related to the inner and outer interface of robots and computing devices. In the article "A Brief History of HCI Technology" we can see the relationship between the history of computers and interface, which is that the commercial realization of the interface, as the realization of some computer paradigms, is directly related to the speed of the computers. Additionally, the size of the computers, as the accessories used for the interaction with them, reduced dramatically. For example, if only the keyboard and mouse (or other heavy accessories) were used for the interaction for the first period, then, the fingers are also used for such purposes. Moreover, I have also provided the opinion in the class that knowing the possibility of interaction with computers with little musculus as in the case of Stephen Hawking, even the movement of eyes will not be required to interact with devices in the future: the only thing to interact will be the strength of the mind.

Another attractive article is "Skinput: Appropriating the Body as an Input Surface", where the device recognized the part of the body where the contact happens. The difference between Skinput and other medical devices is that unlike medical devices that measure the characteristics of the human body (blood pressure, pulse, etc.) typical for the living human being, Skinput defined the place of touch (by someone, or by some device) occurred. It is done by measuring the created wave and temperature interference after the touch. I think that it might be extremely useful in the case when the patient is injured because it might define if the nerves are damaged or not.

The third article I have read is "Shelly: A Robotic Tortoise for Children Robot Interaction", where the design of the robot for children is provided. The features of Shelly might be used for both normal children whose social adaptation might be improved and for children with disabilities.

And the last article I have read is "A Survey of Socially Interactive Robots: Concepts, Design, and Applications", where all possible taxonomy of robots, their differences, and possible usage were specified. It is interesting to know that the robots might have also the educative roles, providing not only an interactive interface but also presenting the study materials by their voices.

According to the provided rubric, I would evaluate my participation as 5/5.