While in the previous weeks we have discussed the cases where we have to involve all possible customer/user groups, in this week, we have the products focused on some narrow group, which involves its problems. For example, the fairness problem is discussed in the podcast "Fair Enough". Here, the philosophical problem is that we cannot say what fairness exactly. In this case, if it not possible to define this, in my opinion, we only should rely on the calculation results provided by some algorithms and pre-defined tasks. On the other side, such algorithms shouldn't have too stable to be implemented. In other words, there shouldn't be a lot of occasional results after a lot of simulations. It is frequently seen in sports with almost equal chances in start (for example, chess) where every possible tie-break method has its pros and cons.

The second topic was specific design issues (the participants with dementia in "Robots for Joy, Robots for Sorrow: CommunityBased Robot Design for Dementia Caregivers", the pump machines in "Feminist HCI Approach to Designing Postpartum Technologies"). Firstly, because there is only one major user/focus group, the focus, of course, should be shifted towards them. The design issues in these problems should be solved not only by HCI specialists but also by engineers who should make it comfortable enough. But the main problem is how to make the device flexible enough so that it could be both produced at the industrial level and could be able to be changed for a specific person. For example, for each participant in "Reframing Assistive Robots to Promote Successful Aging", a specific robot was designed. This is acceptable in individual cases, but such a design is impossible if there are a lot of participants. Secondly, the wrong analysis of the topic/issue could lead to the wrong delusions affecting the design. This might be seen in "Reframing Assistive Robots to Promote Successful Aging" article, where the aged participants provide their sight of the aging different from the accepted ones. I think that before every design/design related improvement, the proper research should be done. Of course, it might take years, but there are high chances that the results will be successful. Thirdly, such products might have the qualities that are not frequent in the people, such the resistance to the same questions, but they also should be able to handle emergencies.